docs(checkbox): add helperText and errorText section (#4028)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: static/usage/v8/checkbox/helper-error/vue.md

```html
<template>
  <form @submit.prevent="submit">
    <ion-checkbox
      v-model="agree"

>       helper-text="This needs to be checked"
>       error-text="This field is required"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      helper-text="Agree to the terms before continuing" 
      error-text="You must agree to the terms to continue"
```
